DP

"You're using git? Man, version control will just slow you down, you should stop using version control and just use a shared folder"

	YES: A team member accidentally overwrites your project's shared folder with pictures of their cat! Sucks to be you!

	NO: A disaster has been averted!

"Hey guys, I think our concept is too limited. We should really convert this into an MMORPG. I mean, how hard can it be?"

	YES: Nobody on your team has the faintest idea how multiplayer networking works, this idea goes nowhere.
	NO: A disaster has been averted!

"I don't understand this theme, we should just reuse last year's game and put the new name on it."

	YES: There are no comments in your old code and all your method names are incomprehensible garbage. Most of the art remained with the artist who died of autoeroticasphyxiation months earlier."

	NO: Winners don't cheat!

"Fuck this game library, we should switch to unity!"

	YES: GREY SCREEN
	NO: A disaster has been averted.

"It's so hard to find good art with an open license, let's just copy shit off tumblr"

	YES: You steal from an artist who happens to be working with another team. They beat you up and take your shoes
	NO: opengameart.org, duh.

"For dinner, should we go to Jerusalem or just get some gas station burritos?"

	Jerusalem: Your team is well fed and ready to go!
	Gas station: Bob has died of dysentery.

"I think we're ahead of schedule, let's go party with some undergrads!"

	YES: Bob makes a pass at the underage sister of a left defenseman. Three of Bob's fingers are broken.
	NO: It wouldn't have been any fun anyway. These punks can't hold their liquor.

"Should we track tasks with a tool like JIRA, or just use sticky notes?"

	Sticky notes: SCRUMMASTER POWER UP! AGILE AS FUCK!!!
	JIRA: Dawn breaks in Australia and JIRA goes down for maintenence.

"Really worried about the fructose in apples and so forth so want to make a substitute. I was thinking of mixing glucose, artificial apple flavoring, and some kind of non-nutritive fibrous substrate together. Then shaping it into apple shapes and letting it set and then dig in :) but I'm not sure which fiber to choose? I was thinking celery pulp? And how long to dry out to let it set? Thanks!"

	Celery Pulp: What the actual fuck?
	Denim: what the actual fuck?

